I want to make a website for a companion in my tv show.

the tv show is about a consulting competition. There will be many rounds of games. Every round there will be differrent games.

There will be 2 users
1. Admin : In charges with giving the points to the users and decided to add or remove any point in the round
2. Participants : Leaderboard view and Game Preview

Games & Round

Round 1 : The Gauntlet
There will be 8 round in this game (7 normal round, per round is 3 questions and 1 crisis round = 1 question only)
Round Name : 
1 - BUSINESS ANALYST (each questions = 20 points)
2 - ASSOCIATE CONSULTANT (each questions = 30 points)
3 - CONSULTANT (each questions = 45 points)
4 - SENIOR CONSULTANT (each questions = 65 points)
5 - MANAGER (each questions = 90 points)
6 - PRINCIPAL (each questions = 120 points)
CRISIS ROUND (each questions = 130 points)
7 - PARTNER (each questions = 170 points)


Participants (user) :
1. See the leaderboard (references from kahoot), the leaderboard will show the rank, participants name, university, and score.
2. For around 30 seconds, participants will be show a questions box with timer (timer display second : millisecond ex: 29:59)
2. After 30 seconds, participants will be given another 30 seconds for them to read and answer. There will be multiple choices A B C D E F. The interface will show Timer, Questions and Answer. The participant will answer it manually and scoring will be manually added by the admin


admin : 
1. Add score point manually, the template will be
Round Name | Name | Total Score
make sure there is a searh bar (big) for searching names with already shows the name without entering it

Round 2 : Capital Conquest
1. Participants : Input answer (in Int, for this lets say the correct answer is 1467), if correct -> Pop up with celebrations and animation saying "You made it to the next round!" After inputing, the pop up automaticly close in 10 seconds or can manualy close
2. Admin : Can make participants pass or failed
3. Interface : Show all 26 participants (but fade), when they answer the correct answer they will be highlighted and says "Passed" if not they will be "Failed"

Round 3 : Rootmaster
1. Main Interface : Countdown (Mins:Second:MilSec)

Round 4 : Pressure Chamber
1. Main Interface : 
- Spin wheel (9 Names)
- Timer Countdown 
2. Admin : Added the name to the spin wheel, Set Countdown
NAME | SCORE

Round 5 : Executive Pitch
1. Main Interface : 
- Spin Wheel (5 names)
- Timer Countdown
- Leaderboard (1 2 3 will be more highlighted, make it more fancy because this will be the last round and reveal the main winner)

2. Admin : Input the score, reset timer and end the game
NAME | SCORE

This are the name for the participants and Univ
Nama	Universitas
Rifqi Syarifuddin Yasykur	Institut Teknologi Sepuluh Nopember
Mohammad Ali Fikri	Universitas Malang
Cyka Srihana Humaera	Universitas Brawijaya
Alvyan Ananta Asis	Universitas Airlangga
Mohammad Hilmi Hidayatullah	Institut Teknologi Sepuluh Nopember
Diva Salsabilla	Politeknik Negeri Malang
Muchamad Yafis	Universitas Malang
Fachri Fabian	Universitas Pembangunan Nasional “Veteran” Jawa Timur
Nafi Satul Fuadhah	Universitas Brawijaya
Ngurah Oka	Universitas Brawijaya
Rachelle Hasiane	Universitas Brawijaya
Ihsan Dianta	Institut Teknologi Sepuluh Nopember
Ahmad Reva Dany Fawwaz	UNAIR
M. Fajar Akbar Nugeraha	Universitas Brawijaya
Surya Rahmat Fatahillah Politeknik Negeri Malang
Naufal Aryasatya	Universitas Brawijaya
Theresia Rosma Exaudi	Universitas Brawijaya
Abdullah Shamil Basayev	Politeknik Negeri Malang
Jesslyn Callista	Universitas Brawijaya
Nindya Aliyah Maulidina	Universitas Pembangunan Nasional “Veteran” Jawa Timur
Sharlyf Shaquille Syani	Politeknik Negeri Malang
Rexelnino Rajendra	Universitas Brawijaya
Hanindita Fernanda Elsharini	Universitas Brawijaya
	
Kelvin William	Universitas Ciputra
Achmad Muchtarom Achsany	Universitas Brawijaya

Make sure the element and style of the website is heavily inspired and follow the style of this web 
180dcub.com
